updated logs (#3431)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: Please wait until after the current release for merging, then pull from master.

* Fixed an issue where the coloring directives where showing in log messages.
* Fixed an issue where **create-content-graph** was not executed upon changes in the parser infra files.
* Added a parameter `skip-packs-known-words` to the **doc-review** command, making sure that pack known words will not be added.

> * Improved logs for cases of changed dependant API modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved **update-release-notes** logs when changes in dependent API modules are detected.
```
